Troubleshooting guide (#424)
vmware-tanzu/cluster-api-provider-bringyourownhost: docs/troubleshooting_guide.md

E0307 06:15:29.452444   19079 cli-dev.go:151]  "msg"="error installing/uninstalling" "error"="Error downloading bundle" 
```

### Solution
Check your internet connection and if you can reach the repo.

Another thing that can be attempted is to download the bundle manually using docker with the command 

`docker pull <repo>/<bundle-name>:<tag>` 

where each element with brackets needs to be replaced with the corresponding string:
```
<repo> - The address of the repo 
<bundle-name> - The name of the BYOH bundle
<tag> - The tag of the BYOH bundle
```

## Error installing/uninstalling, No k8s support for OS
### Problem
After successful pre-requisite package prechecks, the installer cannot find the BYOH bundle for the given combination of OS and K8s version.
```
I0308 05:18:54.733467   11351 installer.go:104]  "msg"="Detected"  "OS"="Ubuntu_20.04.2_x86-64"
E0308 05:18:54.733622   11351 cli-dev.go:151]  "msg"="error installing/uninstalling" "error"="No k8s support for OS"
```
### Solution

> Use the `--skip-installation` flag. This flag will skip k8s installation attempt on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it may happen that the OS and K8s version combination used is not supported by `BYOH` out of the box. This will require manually installing all the dependencies and using the `--skip-installation` flag. This flag will skip k8s installation attempt on the host.
```

```
### Solution
To solve the problem the package ebtables needs to be installed on the host.
Example for ubuntu with apt-get:
```
sudo apt-get install ebtables
```

## Failed installation, multiple pre-requisites not installed on the host
### Problem
Trying to install BYOH successfully detects OS but fails on pre-requisite pagackage precheck for multiple packages. If there is more than one pre-requisite no installed on the host, all will be written in the brackets like in this example when socat, ethtool and conntrack are no found.
```
I0307 05:49:30.561917   13907 installer.go:104]  "msg"="Detected"  "OS"="Ubuntu_20.04.2_x86-64"
E0307 05:49:30.562132   13907 checks.go:38]  "msg"="Failed pre-requisite packages precheck" "error"="required package(s): [socat ethtool conntrack] not found"  
E0307 05:49:30.562195   13907 cli-dev.go:141]  "msg"="unable to create installer" "error"="precheck failed"
```
### Solution
All of the missing required packages need to be installed.
Example for this case where socat, ethtool and conntrack are not installed:
```
sudo apt-get install socat ethtool conntrack
```

## Error downloading bundle
### Problem

> After successful pre-requisite package prechecks when the bundle is not found locally the installer will try to download it from the given repo but can fail with error Error downloading bundle".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After successful pre-requisite package prechecks when the bundle is not found locally the installer will try to download it from the given repo but can fail with error `Error downloading bundle`.
```

```
I0307 06:15:24.903253   19079 installer.go:104]  "msg"="Detected"  "OS"="Ubuntu_20.04.2_x86-64"
I0307 06:15:24.903551   19079 installer.go:175]  "msg"="Current OS will be handled as"  "OS"="Ubuntu_20.04.1_x86-64"
I0307 06:15:24.903807   19079 bundle_downloader.go:69]  "msg"="Cache miss"  "path"="projects.registry.vmware.com.cluster_api_provider_bringyourownhost/v1.22.3-v0.1.0_alpha.2"
I0307 06:15:24.904267   19079 bundle_downloader.go:95]  "msg"="Downloading bundle"  "from"="projects.registry.vmware.com/cluster_api_provider_bringyourownhost/byoh-bundle-ubuntu_20.04.1_x86-64_k8s_v1.22.3:v0.1.0_alpha.2"
E0307 06:15:29.452444   19079 cli-dev.go:151]  "msg"="error installing/uninstalling" "error"="Error downloading bundle" 
```
### Solution

> Check your internet connection and if you can reach the repo.

Reviewer 2: Provide the docker pull commands to try to download locally.
